Fix Octavia SSH adoption doc (#820)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_adopting-the-loadbalancer-service.adoc

include::../../tests/roles/octavia_adoption/tasks/octavia_certs.yaml[lines="7..83",indent=0]
----

> . Optional: Copy the existing public SSH key that you can use for connecting to the amphorae and install it into {OpenShiftShort}. Replace `{{ octavia_ssh_pubkey_path }}` with the path that was configured using the `OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile` parameter in the previous deployment (the default is `/etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Copy the existing public SSH key that you can use for connecting to the amphorae and install it into {OpenShiftShort}. Replace `{{ octavia_ssh_pubkey_path }}` with the path that you configured by using the `OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile` parameter in the previous deployment. The default path is `/etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa`:
```

Reviewer: Where do customers replace the `{{ octavia_ssh_pubkey_path }}`? In the `octavia_ssh.yaml` file?

Would it also be helpful to add a code snippet below this step that shows an example of the `OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile` parameter in the file?

Author: yes, it is in that yaml file. I added an example. Thanks for your suggestion.

. Optional: Copy the existing public SSH key that you can use for connecting to the amphorae and install it into {OpenShiftShort}:
+
----
    ${CONTROLLER1_SCP}:<octavia_ssh_pubkey_path> $HOME/octavia_sshkey.pub

    # Install new data in k8s
    oc apply -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: octavia-ssh-pubkey
      namespace: openstack
    data:
      key: $(cat $HOME/octavia_sshkey.pub)
    EOF

    rm -f $HOME/octavia_sshkey.pub
----
+

> Replace `<octavia_ssh_pubkey_path>` with the path that you configured by using the `OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile` parameter in the previous deployment. The default path is `/etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace `<octavia_ssh_pubkey_path>` with the path that you configured by using the `OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile` parameter in the previous deployment. The default path is `/etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa`. For example:
```

----
include::../../tests/roles/octavia_adoption/tasks/octavia_ssh.yaml[lines="7..20",indent=0]
----

> +
> Replace `{{ octavia_ssh_pubkey_path }}` with the path that you configured by using the `OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile` parameter in the previous deployment. The default path is `/etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa` as shown in this example:
> +
> ----
> parameter_defaults:
>     OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile: /etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion

. In the `octavia_ssh.yaml` file, replace `{{ octavia_ssh_pubkey_path }}` with the path that you configured by using the `OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile` parameter in the previous deployment. The default path is `/etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa`. For example:
+
----
parameter_defaults:
    OctaviaAmphoraSshKeyFile: /etc/octavia/ssh/octavia_id_rsa
----
```

Author: Oh, sorry. I made another change locally but forgot to push it. I will incorporate your suggestions directly in order to avoid a merge conflict. Also, sorry for the confusion about `octavia_ssh.yaml`. Forget about it. It was only used as an include here. I changed the documenation so that it does not include that yaml file and I adjusted it to not use `{{ octavia_ssh_pubkey_path }}`, but `<octavia_ssh_pubkey_path>` which seems cleaner.

Author: ... and it does not work to make this two separate steps because it belongs together.
